Publish/unpublish to active (#304)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/campaigns/creating_campaigns.rst

-  **Category** - Choose a Category to assign your Campaign to. Categories help you organize your Campaigns. To learn more about creating and managing Categories, see :doc:`/categories/categories-overview`.
-  **Allow Contacts to restart the Campaign** - Click the toggle switch to allow Contacts to restart the Campaign if you're building a Campaign for a recurring message - for example birthdays, subscriptions - or transactional operations - for example activity notifications, updating data. Enabling this option allows Contacts to go through the same Campaign multiple times.

> -  **Active** - Click the toggle switch to enable or disable the Campaign. Ensure that you don't enable a Campaign until you're actually ready for it to go live. You can also schedule to activate or disable a Campaign at a future date by selecting a time and date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Active** - Click the toggle switch to turn the Campaign on or off. Ensure that you don't activate a Campaign until you're actually ready for it to go live. You can also schedule to activate or deactivate a Campaign at a future date by selecting a time and date.
```
